(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
I decline the position of Haesung Apparel president,
Grandfather.
Do Kyung,
How dare you...
Mr. No.
Mr. No. Mr. No.
Mr. No, look at me.
Mr. No. Mr. No. Mr. No.
Mr. No.
Let's go.
Okay.
What's taking them so long?
What if they're crying over their last goodbye?
Maybe we shouldn't have followed here.
By the way,
why did you think it's their last?
I'll make you experience a real extreme sport.
Is this really necessary?
Today is their last day together.
I don't want Ji An to go home alone.
I can't do that.
It may not be their last.
Yes, it is.
I know Ji An. It's their last day.
I now see how much they love each other.
Choi Do Kyung started his business.
Father may support them like us.
When I lived at their house,
I ran away from the foundation day event,
and they scolded me so harsh...
that I lived the way they wanted me to.
I don't ever want to do that again.
Is that so?
Ji An will be worse at it.
Besides, Do Kyung and I aren't the same.
Do Kyung is the heir of Haesung Corporation.
Are you sure he's planning to go back?
It seems he's enjoying his work at the factory.
He doesn't want to return after losing to Grandpa,
but he will go back one day.
Ji An and Do Kyung both know that.
That's why they decided to date only for a week.
I heard it from Ji An.
Grandpa visited my parents in Daebang-dong...
and met with Dad.
Mother tried to separate them...
and pretended to approve of their marriage.
Do you think she'd be happy with such family?
That's why they reached this kind of decision.
Hey. Here they come.
Drop me off at a subway station on your way.
Okay, I will.
Hold on.
This is Ms. Min. Let me get this quickly.
- Hello? - Mr. Choi.
Mr. No had a heart attack and is at a hospital.
Grandpa did?
Why so suddenly? How did that happen?
According to Ms. Jung,
he collapsed after reading your text message.
My text message?
He went into surgery right away. Come quickly.
Okay. I'll call you on my way there.
What happened?
It... It's Grandpa. He collapsed.
I must get to the hospital now.
Do Kyung, are you okay? Should I drive?
Ji An! Do Kyung!
- Ji An. - Ji Soo.
Hyuk and I came here for sledding.
This is all a coincidence.
But is there something wrong?
Well, that's...
His grandfather collapsed.
Do Kyung, you must hurry. But can you drive?
Yes.
Ji Soo, drop off Ji An for me.
Okay.
Hurry. Don't worry about me.
He had a heart attack, so they're inserting a stent.
If he's still unconscious after that,
he must go through therapeutic hypothermia.
He even had a heart attack?
He fell unconscious after reading my text?
(Coffee)
(President of Haesung Apparel: Choi Do Kyung)
(To Grandpa, I'm...)
(Operating Room)
Myung Hee, where is Jae Sung?
Why isn't he here?
He's on a trip.
Does that mean he can't answer his phone?
Or does he not want to answer it?
Let's stay quiet.
But...
what does Do Kyung mean by this text?
Is he going to be completely independent?
Myung Soo, Dad is in surgery.
Is that what interests you now?
Send her away.
Why did she send them Do Kyung's text?
She said she won't go no matter what.
Mom, is the surgery over?
Not yet.
Do Kyung, why did you send a message like this?
Are you not returning to the company?
Jin Hee.
We need to talk.
Mr. No's surgery has been finished,
but he hasn't regained his consciousness yet.
We transferred him to the ICU for further treatment.
How long will the treatment take?
We must observe his condition to decide that.
Can't we at least see him?
That's not possible now.
I will let you know after we observe him.
You can go home and wait.
This is weird. Father's phone is still off.
Did he turn it off because he's at the hospital?
I'll leave him a message to call me back.
Ji An, are you okay?
Sorry? Yes, I'm okay.
But poor Do Kyung.
Why did Mr. No collapse? It looked urgent.
I don't know either.
Should I give Do Kyung a call?
No, don't.
Mr. Choi will call you once he sees your message.
Mom.
Dad.
I've never had the chance to hold a service for you.
I'm sorry.
That won't happen from now on.
What brings you here at this late hour?
Hello.
I came for a hike...
and to pay a visit to my parents.
I prepared a room when I heard you were coming.
You were under a lot of stress...
and mistook gastritis symptoms for cancer.
You imagined that you had cancer.
We decided to date for only a week.
I felt it was so unfair to not even date him.
Dad, you know what?
I won the third place...
in a design contest.
She got the prize of 1,000 dollars....
and a chance to study at Onnea Design School...
in Finland for six months.
Why not?
Why don't I have cancer?
Why am I not going to die?
I finished preparing myself for it.
Ending my life now would be great.
(Insurance Policy)
I must die...
for them to claim the policy.
Why are you doing this to me now?
Do you think I'd be happy and grateful because...
you're taking care of me now?
I also hate you now just like you hate me.
I hate you.
I didn't have my way with my life,
but I'll choose how I'll die.
After I die,
I don't care if you are heartbroken with remorse.
I don't care at all.
I'll tell the hospital to prevent the news...
of his condition from getting out.
We'll learn more about his state tomorrow morning.
Let us all go home now.
I'll stay here.
See you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow, Myung Hee.
Do Kyung, pray for him.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Goodnight.
Please get home safe.
How dare you send this kind of text to him?
"I'm already a president of DK Eco Tech."
"I decline the position..."
"of Haesung Apparel president, Grandfather?"
Don't you know why he's making you President?
It means he's picked you as his successor.
And you still refused to come back?
Are you giving up Haesung Corporation?
I couldn't just do what he wanted me to do.
It wasn't time yet.
You weren't going to give it up for good,
but yet you tried to outsmart him.
Your father resigned from his position,
and you refused your position as the President.
He heard the rumors...
saying you ran away from home for a woman,
did drugs, and disappeared after leaving the office.
How could he not collapse?
"Rumors"?
(Rumors about H Group)
(His whereabouts are unknown now.)
Grandfather worked so hard to grow this company.
And yet you swung an iron mace at him...
when he had so much faith in you as the heir.
I never imagined that he would collapse.
He's such a strong man.
There's nobody who is actually strong.
Everyone is just pretending to be strong.
Honey.
Why did Do Kyung refuse the position as President?
I wonder too.
The fact that Father is sending me to Europe...
and appointing Do Kyung...
as the President of Haesung Apparel...
clearly means...
that he chose Do Kyung as his successor.
Perhaps he's really into running his own business?
I'm sure it was fun. It would've been rewarding.
But it can't be compared to Haesung Corporation.
Then why did he turn down the offer?
Could that...
really be the reason?
That's not important.
I never thought he would collapse like this.
I am so puzzled. Let's talk at home.
(Coronary Care Unit)
I can't bring her to a family like this.
And,
I won't go back home either.
Regardless of Ji An, I won't go back.
I...
am no longer your puppy.
Thank you.
I never knew I'd miss this place so much.
If you hear any news, please call me.
Thank you for the ride, Hyuk.
I'll go in now.
Should I go in for a while too?
I want Mom and Dad to meet Hyuk.
Dad might not be there.
And Mom...
I went to your house the other time,
and the new tenant said you had moved.
It's too late today.
I will visit them next time.
You should go in and meet your mom.
What will you do here alone?
I'll check the online mall while listening to music.
I have a lot to do.
Then will you wait here for a while?
I had something to say to everyone anyway.
Ji Soo should be there too.
- Mom. - Mom.
- Ji Soo. - Mom.
How did you come?
I'm so glad you came.
You look much better now
thanks to your father.
- Ji Soo. - Ji Tae. Soo A.
Ji Soo, you're becoming an aunt soon.
Really?
Congratulations, Soo A. You too, Ji Tae.
Is it a nephew or a niece?
What's his fetus nickname?
We found out only recently.
I have good news too.
Congratulations, Ji An. I'm so happy for you.
It's only a participation prize,
but you're acting like I received a grand prize.
Not everyone can get it. You must've done well.
You are amazing, Ji An.
You just started studying design.
You've been good at art since you were young.
She did it without any help from us.
I usually do everything well by myself.
Are you going to go to Finland then?
Of course I am.
The expenses are covered for the three-month...
language course and the six-month program.
It's an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
I am going to work more to afford....
the ticket and the living expenses.
It's nice to see that you won a prize,
but I don't like to be apart from you.
If you're that sad, you can go with her.
Can you leave Hyuk and come with me?
What?
I am not sure.
(My name is Seo Tae Soo. If you find me...)
Honey,
I am sorry.
I've been bad.
You're my lifetime companion.
But I mistook you as my guardian.
You are only a human too.
When you're tired, you'd want to rest in the shade.
And you needed to be comforted too.
I am sorry for forgetting that.
I hope...
you will forgive me.
(Ji Tae)
When I heard the child's heart beating,
I realized this is how it feels to be a father,
and words couldn't express my feelings.
You must've felt this too, right?
Do Kyung.
You're up early.
How is Grandfather? Is he okay?
Why did you come here?
Did you come back because he's okay?
We have to wait and see.
I came to get changed.
But...
Do Kyung.
Why are you wearing a suit to the factory?
Why did you pack your things?
I need to go into the office.
I will go back home after work.
You're going home?
Wait.
What do you mean you're going into the office?
What about the factory?
I am going because I need to go there.
I was appointed to be President.
Is it a temporary thing? Or are you going for good?
I don't think I need to tell you that.
What will happen to the factory then?
It's none of your business.
What are you doing?
Were you just playing House all along?
Ji An was so happy that you're finally...
Ji An wanted to help you run your own business.
Do you know how many people supported you?
I will thank you all next time.
What about Ji An?
What will you say to Ji An?
Does she not matter since you promised...
to date only for a week?
I told you not to start...
if you can't take the responsibility.
Why didn't you stop me?
I won't...
let Ji Soo stay here for long.
Couldn't he at least tell me what's going on?
(Ji Soo)
Yes, Ji Soo.
Ji An, Do Kyung came here,
but he left after saying he's going to the office.
"The office"?
Perhaps something is wrong at the office?
How is the chairman?
He collapsed of myocardial infarction.
He's still at the Intensive care unit.
"Still"?
Let's eat lunch together.
I have something to tell you.
Okay.
I will see you there.
What's going on with him?
It's Do Kyung, isn't it? Is he back?
This is unbelievable.
(Jung Myung Soo)
What?
You're still using this room.
Yes.
What are you doing...
I officially start tomorrow,
but I wanted to come and look around.
You must feel sorry for making...
your grandfather collapse.
Yes.
The guilt is killing me.
I will go look around the departments then.
The vice president's office is still vacant.
Why did he come straight here?
The vice president...
No, he's the president now.
Has he come to work already?
Mr. Choi.
You look as if you saw a ghost.
You must've heard the news.
Is it because of the rumors you read?
No, it's not.
Who would believe such false rumors?
It seems like you were having a meeting.
Since I am here, please give me an update.
- Sure. - Sure.
Are the plans for the first half going well?
Yes, we are trying to attract new customers...
through strategic marketing...
that puts the focus on the storytelling.
How is the down-aging project coming along?
It's supposed to encompass people from 20 to 50.
I'm glad that he's not in a critical condition.
But aren't you surprised?
He went back to Haesung Corporation.
His grandfather collapsed because of him.
How could he not go back to work?
Besides, he's still in the intensive care unit.
I am worried about the factory.
Mr. Yoo will have to work alone.
Do you think he will come back to the factory...
once Grandfather recovers?
He wanted to go back...
after proving what he can do alone.
You really understand him well, don't you?
I just came to understand him.
I was always next to him.
He didn't go back because he wanted to.
He just opened his own factory.
It must be really tough for him.
Then what do you think about this?
He's become the president now.
While he's in that position,
he can get permission to marry you.
Father just has to persuade Mother, right?
Why do I need permission?
I am going to Finland.
Once you get permission,
you don't have to go take that program.
What? Hey.
Why wouldn't I go?
I earned it with my talent.
Will you still go even if you get permission?
Why did you come back?
Did you come back because of Hyuk or the bakery?
Me? Both.
If you had to choose...
between Hyuk and Mr. Kang's bread,
what would you choose?
What?
That is a very tricky question.
I can't choose one.
I want to learn Mr. Kang's secret recipe...
and bake bread.
- Then is it bread? - No.
I am sorry. This is really difficult.
I have both.
I really liked him too.
But...
I don't think I should give up everything...
for love.
But what you want to do isn't specific...
like my wish to make bread.
I've decided what I want to do too.
Have you decided? What is it?
Wood.
I want to make small things with wood.
Well, it could be small furniture.
Wooden tableware, dolls, and accessories too.
I want to make small things used every day...
in a small woodworking studio.
About 16m² would do.
(New rumors updated)
(Rumors about H Group)
25 years ago, the family of H Group...
lost their daughter and openly looked for her.
They recently found their daughter.
She was raised in Seoul...
as a daughter of Mr. Seo?
They must be thrilled to have found her,
but they are covering it up...
perhaps because H Group is already...
the talk of the town because of the successor?
Seok Doo,
did you find the machines and a designer?
You are so impatient, aren't you?
I just came back a few days ago.
That's good.
The other day, you said you wanted to...
work with me if my health allowed it.
Let me work with you. I'll do it.
- You want to work? - Yes.
Are you denying...
what you said earlier?
I am the one who got you...
that motorcycle business.
Give us a medium-sized steamed seafood, please.
Yes, sir.
Hey,
steamed seafood is too spicy for you.
Stop the show now.
You knew it too, didn't you?
Did you find out only now?
Right. I know now.
I wanted to get diagnosed with cancer....
so that I could afford...
Ji An to stay abroad even after the program.
But it turns out I don't have cancer.
You don't have cancer.
It breaks my heart.
But why can't I stop laughing?
You idiot.
I realized I can't even die when I need to.
Do you want to give even your only life...
to your children?
If I was competent,
Ji An wouldn't have have gone through...
all those tough things.
Then she met someone.
They really love each other.
But they can never be together.
You have to physically be away to grow apart.
I wanted to help her do that.
No, I have to help her no matter what I do.
I should at least pay for her living expenses.
She managed to get them pay the tuition...
and the language school fee.
I should at least pay for the living expenses.
Are you going to live for your children again?
You nearly died.
Stop it.
Did you just smile?
Seok Doo.
You don't know this, do you?
My children treated me the best they could...
even if I wasn't dying.
They didn't treat me well because I was dying.
They knew I wasn't dying, but they really tried.
I couldn't be more thankful for that.
I was still their father.
Have you ever experienced such love?
His doctor is checking his condition now.
Thank you.
(Gi Jae)
I don't know if you read this or not,
but I'm sending it to you as it looks serious.
(Rumors about H Group)
(They're probably hushing it up because...)
(their successor A is still missing.)
It's too serious to be regarded as a rumor.
Mr. Seo's daughter, Ms. Seo?
It's from someone who knows something.
Where's Dad?
Chairman No isn't here yet.
Really?
Myung Hee, I heard a rumor on the way here.
Jin Hee. It's you, isn't it?
I'm sick of hearing that.
You always say that.
You introduced a wrong girl...
to four people at the gallery.
And there are Ms. Min and the housekeepers.
Grandfather is here.
Stay quiet.
Father is not ready to hear bad news.
Is it worse than the fact your husband's not here?
Fortunately, there's no brain damage.
And the stent surgery was a success.
He will recover soon.
Doctor Yoon.
Thank you.
Father.
I'm so relieved now.
I'm glad to see you all again.
I'm alive.
Myung Soo will be here soon.
And Jae Sung will be here soon too.
Do Kyung, are you going to work tomorrow?
I started going to work today.
So I came back from the dead for a reason.
Where's Myung Soo?
He's the only person who can take care of the work.
Jae Sung is still out of contact.
Why would Myung Soo take care of the company?
We have Do Kyung here.
Do Kyung will take care of all the work.
Just tell Myung Soo to get ready to go to Europe.
Father, don't worry about the company.
You should get some rest.
Okay.
[VIU Ver] E46 My Golden Life "Why Did You Come Back?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
There are some people...
who know that we found Ji Soo.
But it even has...
her family name Seo in the rumors.
It means someone intended to leak the information.
But it's too early to say that it's from Jin Hee.
It's something that upsets your grandfather the most.
It might be from Seo Tae Soo's family.
Sunwoo Hyuk and even his sister know...
that Ji Soo is my daughter.
They are the last people to leak the information.
This is why I tried to send Ji Soo abroad.
She should've gone abroad to study.
Mother.
This might not end up as a groundless rumor.
What about Uncle Jung?
He must've been shocked by the personnel appointment.
He must've felt betrayed.
He'd be promoted to Vice President...
after taking care of the resort in Europe.
Really?
But I'll have to check why the rumor is going around.
Yes.
Then let's get together and talk about it. Sure.
I guess I came here too soon.
I was too late.
I thought you'd stay with Chairman No for a while.
I called a meeting with of all brand managers.
And I'll use the office of Vice President for now.
Why?
I should've given it more thought.
You can use this office before you go to Europe.
No. It's okay.
I'm ready to leave.
Are you going to the hospital now?
Yes. I should go visit Chairman No.
Before you leave, please take a look at this.
There's a rumor about our family.
And I don't know how to handle it.
A rumor?
(Rumors about H Group)
"She was raised as Mr. Seo's daughter."
I think you should go ask Mr. Seo.
They wouldn't have started the rumor.
You know that, Do Kyung.
You can't put things back once a rumor is spread.
Why would you even care about it?
I'll see you later.
I'm here.
What are you doing here?
I brought these cat toys for the package.
I told you I'd get you some more.
I see.
You came early.
I heard you got more pre-orders.
How would you handle the orders alone...
until Do Kyung comes back?
Vice President... I mean President Choi...
is not coming back.
What?
He can't run the factory now.
So he will hand it over to me.
You're not taking over temporarily,
but he's handing over the factory to you?
He says he has to go back to the company.
Chairman No collapsed.
I know that.
But I heard he regained his consciousness...
and is not in a critical condition now.
I don't know much about that.
But he called me...
and said he can't do this and I should run it.
That's all I heard.
And he told me to pick up the car tomorrow.
If I return now,
I must live like a spare part of Haesung forever.
That's not the life I want.
That's why I must be independent.
I won't go home until I'm independent.
Seo Ji An. It's not about you anymore.
He said that.
But it ends up like this.
Do Kyung, are you back now?
It's been long. How have you been?
You should've come before Grandfather collapsed.
This isn't good.
I'm home, Mother.
Go to your room, and get some rest.
I'll see you at the company tomorrow.
Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.
What's all this?
Your appetite changes when you're pregnant.
I don't know what she likes,
so I cooked many different dishes.
Mother, you don't have to do this for me.
All I need is this soup.
You don't like it?
Yes. I used to like dried pollack soup.
That's amazing.
Is it true that her appetite changed?
This isn't the only thing that is amazing.
You'll be feeling...
emotions that you've never experienced in your life.
Soo A, tell me if there's anything you want to eat.
And you shouldn't do anything around the house.
Ji Tae'll clean the rooms on the second floor.
And he'll do the laundry too.
I'll clean the rooms, but I should do the laundry?
After I gave birth to four children,
your dad did the laundry...
until you guys became a year old.
Did Father do the laundry?
He said that if a mother feels tired,
the baby in her body can feel that.
How did I forget all about that?
Why are you cleaning?
That's my job.
I clean when I need a distraction.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I complained,
distinguished your family from mine,
and yelled at you. I'm sorry for it all.
Put your hands down, and get off the bed.
Life isn't worth living...
when you don't laugh.
I'm sorry too.
I asked if you put Ji Soo before me.
I was childish.
Really?
You were.
But you were cute too.
Come here.
Hee.
- Take care. - Hee.
Do I make you feel uncomfortable?
It'll sound like a lie if I say no.
What you worry about won't happen.
What if...
your identity...
causes us and Hyuk another problem?
Will you break up with Hyuk then?
If something else happens, I couldn't face him.
Okay.
I want to withdraw everything in here.
All 37,500 dollars?
Hurry up. I want it in 50-dollar bills.
Then you need to fill this in.
I don't care about that.
Just give me the money.
My goodness.
Where are you sending it? Will you wire it?
No. It has to be cash.
Not even checks.
Sir, were you on the phone with a cop...
or a prosecutor?
Sir, you have to watch out for voice phishers...
impersonating cops or prosecutors.
Thank you.
I almost lost the money I was saving up...
to open my son's clinic.
My son's in medical school...
and he graduated as the top of his class.
You must be proud.
- Thank you. - Sure.
Goodbye.
Remember the rumor about Haesung's daughter?
The news said they found her.
(News)
"Why was the missing child..."
"living with the Seo family?"
"Did Mr. Seo abduct her?"
"How did the Haesung family find her?"
"There are many speculations."
What's all this about?
Yes, my laptop's on. Why?
Go online then.
Check the most-read article list.
What's on the news?
(News, Haesung's Choi Eun Seok)
It's about our dad and Ji Soo.
Our dad and Ji Soo?
(Haesung's Missing Daughter, Choi Eun Seok)
(On August 19, 1992, the country...)
I'm your new president, Choi Do Kyung.
It's my first day,
but I asked to meet the chief directors...
and senior managers from Haesung Apparel's...
seven brands from women's wear to jewelry.
I wanted to greet you all in person...
and brief you on the direction we'll take.
Ms. Lee.
Mr. Choi.
Is there a problem?
President Choi...
Hi.
Did you see the news?
Yes, just now.
What happened?
I'll find out now.
It shows that it's based on rumors,
but it's arousing curiosity.
They even used my dad's surname.
I'll find out and call you.
Don't worry too much.
What about Ji Soo?
What if a reporter goes to the bakery?
Take Ji Soo to the share house.
Okay.
The reporters keep calling.
Call the legal team and deny everything.
Don't answer the phones either.
Yes, ma'am.
Mom, did you read the news?
Yes, Do Kyung.
I asked the reporter where he heard it from.
He said he has to protect his sources.
It started with rumors and became news.
I think...
we must announce we found Eun Seok.
We can't yet. Let's talk with your grandpa first.
But...
how did you know Ji Soo lived with Seo Tae Soo?
What?
You never told me...
how you found Ji Soo.
Let's talk after I see your grandpa.
Do Kyung wants us to come clean,
but I'm not sure what to do.
Come clean that we found her?
What do you think will happen next?
They'll find Seo Tae Soo.
He'll say he found Eun Seok in Jeongseon.
The problem is that people will wonder...
how I knew he had Ji Soo.
Then we must mention Jo Soon Ok,
and they'll find out about...
the accident happened near Yangpyeong Resting Area.
I should've told the truth then.
You were in a coma for two weeks.
The whole country was focused on you.
Then what? The reporters are calling.
Tell Ms. Min to find out which site reported first.
Make them take it down and issue an apology.
It's nothing.
Do you think Jin Hee did it?
What would they gain from this?
It's an insult to our family.
Would I let them be?
But it's only a temporary measure.
We can't hide that we found Eun Seok forever.
- Ji Soo, let's go. - What for?
I'm working.
We have to make our afternoon batch.
Sorry, Nam Goo. I'll explain later.
- Let's go. - But...
Ji Soo.
What's this article?
What... What article?
What article?
Who on earth talked to the reporter?
What'll happen to me?
Do Kyung said he'd find out and call back.
You should stay here until he calls.
Should we...
get so upset when they didn't mention...
Ji Soo's name or address?
We can't be sure.
They might know and just...
want to get evidence or photos.
Then our dad's in danger too.
I'll call him soon.
I think he should know.
Will it do?
I think we can do something with it.
(Machinery)
Sorry.
(Ji An)
Hi, Ji An.
Dad, did you read the news?
"The news"? About what?
Where are you right now?
Thank you so much.
I'll pay you a visit soon.
Bye.
Will they take it down?
I said it's no big deal.
We earned some time. Let's rest...
before taking countermeasures.
Chairman No. Ma'am.
It's down already?
Yes.
But a follow-up article surfaced.
"A follow-up article"?
Read it.
You should read it yourselves.
What does it say?
A reporter who looked into the disappearance...
25 years ago wrote about his suspicions online.
Another reporter found it and wrote about it.
The disappearance 25 years ago?
Read it.
"A post written by a Mr. Han,"
"a reporter at a daily newspaper..."
"when Choi Eun Seok disappeared..."
"25 years ago, is gathering interest."
"He insisted that the truth..."
"was faked and covered up by the Haesung family."
"Repercussions are expected."
First, it mentions that where Eun Seok was lost...
wasn't where the accident happened.
Second,
the cause of the accident...
was Ms. No's speeding and illegal u-turn.
The article says...
it was because Ms. No was on her way...
to the Yangpyeong villa to meet a man.
As evidence,
there's a recording of Ms. No's nanny's voice.
Stop.
Dad.
Go on.
Finally, it says you manipulated the media.
This was a scoop,
but the editor stopped it from going to press.
Afterwards, every media outlet reported...
what the police said.
That someone kidnapped Eun Seok...
at the scene of the accident...
for the diamonds in her hairpin.
That's how it was covered up.
Ms. No's phone was found in her car,
and the police...
found the last call on her records...
was to artist J...
but didn't investigate him.
J left Korea shortly after the accident.
No way.
- Mom. - It's a lie.
Wait while we deal with it.
Mom.
(Dad)
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
What... What's this?
She lost me while going to have an affair?
It hasn't been confirmed.
We don't know if it was really by that reporter.
Just a moment.
(Haesung's Missing Daughter, Choi Eun Seok)
(On August 19, 1992, the country...)
(Choi Eun Seok's Disappearance)
(25 years ago, the society was shocked...)
(Ms. Min, Ji Soo, Do Kyung, Myung Hee)
(Ji Soo, Myung Hee, Do Kyung)
Sir, bad news.
The chairman collapsed.
What are you doing?
Call when you get this.
Dad, I have bad news.
Call me. It looks bad.
Dad, where are you?
Did Ji Soo read this?
She must be so scared.
If it's true, that's incredible.
It's not just incredible.
Think about it. They lost their child...
and Ji Soo's father punched Father.
Soo A, that was because of me.
The weird things they did aren't the problem.
It'll be no time before they identify all of us.
What's there to worry?
You found Ji Soo in Jeongseon.
You just have to say...
someone came to the house and took the toothbrushes.
But why aren't Dad and Ji An home yet?
What's going on?
The chairman wishes to see you.
The chairman?
I have no reason to see him.
Welcome.
Are you sick?
I'm very poorly.
I'm not able to speak for long.
Why did you ask to see me?
I'll wait outside.
Did you read the news?
How much did you read?
Everything.
Including the one...
that posed doubts around Ji Soo's disappearance.
Then it'll be a short conversation.
What conversation?
Say you did it.
What?
Say you passed the scene of the accident,
saw the girl, and took her out of greed.
What do you want me to say?
If you do that,
I'll see to it that all your kids...
don't have to...
worry about anything for the rest of their lives.
Are you telling me...
to become a kidnapper?
You lost a daughter that was a twin.
You saw a car had crashed and got out to check.
That's when you saw Eun Seok crying alone.
You took her to replace your dead child.
What's the difference?
There or Jeongseon.
You did take her.
There's no difference?
No. There's a huge difference.
What's that?
You want me to become some scumbag,
who ignored a woman seriously hurt...
enough to be in a coma for two weeks.
You want me to be shameless enough...
to sell the pink diamonds.
Instead of taking a child to replace my dead girl,
you want me to say...
my greed took over and I...
ignored a dying woman to kidnap for diamonds.
I'm a father of 2 boys and 2 girls.
I won't do anything to insult them.
Whether you insult them...
or provide for them is up to you.
If you don't do as I say,
I can make your kids grovel in bare feet.
There's one more.
You must tell the police you swapped the girls.
What I'm saying...
is that you have no choice.
Don't glare at me. Close your eyes,
and imagine seeing your kids suffer.
You wronged us.
Make up for it.
Very well.
I'll do as you say.
Just don't let my identity get out.
You have to admit everything to the press.
I can't do that.
We're at square one.
No.
You need me.
Because...
what the reporter exposed is all true.
Your daughter...
lost her child at the resting area...
on her way to have an affair.
She got into an accident to find her...
and woke up after two weeks.
So you couldn't say...
she lost the child at the resting area.
It will be humiliating.
Hey, Seo Tae Soo.
The woman who came...
to pick up the toothbrushes...
took Ji Soo.
Then you found out the girl you lost...
is at my house.
But you can’t say who that was because...
you manipulated the media...
and covered it up 25 years ago.
So if the truth is revealed now,
the morality of Haesung will be questioned.
Then you will be ashamed.
I heard you were once a successful businessman.
You’re still determined.
If you...
keep telling me to turn myself in,
I’ll reveal the truth too.
Then go ahead.
Let’s both reveal it.
Vice Chairman Choi.
I read the article.
How is Mr. No?
Mr. No passed the crisis, and he's okay now.
Then I'll meet him first.
If you don't do as I say,
I'll reveal that you switched your daughter...
and step on your children.
There will be no compromise.
Seo Tae Soo is here.
Seo Tae Soo?
Before that,
you should take a look at this first.
If you don't step out to cover this,
we have no other choice.
Do you want to go through that?
Just get over with you switching our daughter?
I can't do that.
It doesn't end there.
I'll grind your children with a grindstone.
Especially Seo Ji An.
You can cover the suspicion...
without revealing my face.
I'll tell the police...
as you told me.
But...
you just have to protect my personal information.
I beg you.
Stop my children...
from becoming a criminal's children.
There will be no compromise.
Mr. No.
There's an article about Ji Soo and Ji An switched.
(Haesung Corporation's daughter was found...)
(after 25 years, but she was a fake.)
(My Golden Life)
Why are there articles about this?
Who did this?
I'll cover it as Mr. No said.
Did he say yes?
There's an even better solution.
You having a press conference.
They were raised as twins.
The fake daughter will be so humiliated.
- Are you scared? - Yes, I am.
Ji Soo won't be able to live as herself.
I won't be able to live as Ji An either.
Aren't you sick of Haesung Corporation people?
I have an additional suggestion.
"Dismissal of the CEO"?